So back into Isbin Let's start with the very basics let's create a symbol so I will create such a new
symbol all name a variable symbol by using the symbol object like this.
And this is important.
You don't have a new key word here.
It is kind of constructor thing without the new word.
And then Tudor's will object or function you may pass one argument which is only there for debugging
reason.
So let's name it debug here and there is only there so that if you print the symbol you will see this
debugging message but you can't really use it for your code.
It's only there for you that you know which symbol it is because remember behind the scenes the symbol
will represent a unique ID and not that debugfs thing.
So if I now print a symbol that starts simple.
So print symbol.
What do you think I'll see if I hit run while I see object symbol.
So exactly what am I explaining.
It is the object here.
But we don't see anything else.
We don't see the ideal for which it stands.
Now if I add the two string function here and I had run again then you see also d d black string you
exit here.
So this allows you to check which symbol it actually is if you want you that.
So that's how we create a symbol.
And now let's check the type off it.
So if I have type off symbol and I run what do you think we'll see.
We get symbols so as I explained this is a new primitive it's no object.
It is a primitive India.
Now I was explaining that symbols are unique and I'm going to prove that if I create another symbol
here and I create it and exactly the same way as before a symbol D-Backs So just the variable name changed
.
And now if I check if symbol equals number symbol and I'm only checking with two equal sides to see
if they have the same value or they think I'll get if I had run now by the way I asked.
I think you assume that we got fours and that isn't true.
So we get false.
These symbols do not match because again behind the scenes they stand for unique IDs so for different
ideas of course.
Now I was already explaining that symbols are great in conjunction with objects.
So let's have a look at this.
Our treat such an object here and let's say I have my name property which might be max but then I also
will have the symbol as a property and I can do it as with the syntax I explained or showed you in the
first module where we can use a variable property name.
So by using square brackets and then symbol I'm actually using symbol here as a property name.
If I would not have square brackets Well then I would just create a property of name symbol and not
use the symbol up here.
Right.
So now I can assign symbol to B-22 for example.
And what do you think will now happen if I print this object here.
Or do you think we'll see if he had run.
We only see named Max.
That's what I was talking of earlier.
The symbol is actually not printed out.
You also went and see if I use a for loop but it is still there as I can prove to you if I exit it explicitly
with square brackets notation on the object.
So if I now run we get 22.
So you can see at the stair it's just a bit hidden.
And that again just you met up programming part.
I was talking off.
You could store some meta information about this object like create it.
Add to that the time stamp but that is important for your application.
And then you could exit it if you needed.
But if you in a natural place and your app loops through all the keys and that's created at a time stamp
is not actually something you need at this point.
Then this is great.
It won't chew up it won't get altered or well assign sounds somewhere else where it might be wrong.
So this is why symbols are really important and useful tool to add some metaprogramming power to your
objects or to your app as a whole.